Ship Card Game:

Concept - 
Start with chosen x amount of ships...
Each game type would have max number of points, think about shield/hull.

Capital Ship 5000, Crew positions:  1 Captain, 3 Leuitenent, 6 service  
Cruiser Ship 3500, Crew positions: 1 Captain, 2 Leuitenent, 4 service
Destroyer Ship 2500, Crew positions: 1 Captain, 1 Leuitenent, 2 service
Frigate Ship 1500, Crew positions: 1 Leuitenent, 1 service
Fighter Ship 500, Crew positions: 1 service  

Starts with two decks, one has the ship leaders and other has the rest of cards
Leaders can be focused to different departments making crew members in that field buffed

Admiral (Doesnt go on ship and only 1 on the battlefield at a time)
Captain
Leuitenent

Crew members - Maybe each have stats and for each crew member theres a total skill amount in each department used to play other cards
Assault
Engineer
Researcher
Medical
Pilot

All of this can be changeable based on species with other buffs/negatives and types of cards

Humanoid good across the board
Insectoid would have swarm style tactics/evacive
Reptilian better at defencive stat
Bird better at medium/big ships well controlled
etc
--------------------------------------------
Game Turn Example
Randomly pick player to start.
Player 1 Picks ships of up to 5000 points. In this case picks 1 Capital Ship

Player 2 Picks ships of up to 5000 points. In this case picks 2 Destroyers
(Note each player doesnt know what the other player has picked)

Initiation Phase
Player 1 draws 2 cards from Leaders deck and 5 cards from main deck. Can mulligan once for free but afterwards goes down to 1 leader and 1 less card from main deck until minimum of 1.

Player 2 draws 2 cards from Leaders deck and 5 cards from main deck. Can mulligan once for free but afterwards goes down to 1 leader and 1 less card from main deck until minimum of 1.
(Note each player doesnt know what hand configuration picked)

Start of game.
Both players ships are shown on star field.

Note max hand size is 6 (Not including leaders, leader cards have different backs compared to other cards)...
Player 1
- Draw from main deck up to max hand size (On First turn player 1 does not)
- Draw from leader deck (If no leaders in hand)
- Placing crew, 
- strategies stages

